README.md, before:

# Firefly III: A personal finances manager 

[![Requires PHP7](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-7.0-red.svg)](https://secure.php.net/downloads.php) [![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/grumpydictator/firefly-iii/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/grumpydictator/firefly-iii) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=44UKUT455HUFA) 

[![The index of Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/hurdhgyg/400)](https://i.nder.be/h2b37243) [![The account overview of Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/hnkfkdpr/400)](https://i.nder.be/hv70pbwc)

[![The useful financial reports of Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/h7sk6nb7/400)](https://i.nder.be/ccn0u2mp) [![Even more useful reports in Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/g237hr35/400)](https://i.nder.be/gm8hbh7z)

"Firefly III" is a financial manager. It can help you keep track of expenses, income, budgets and everything in between. It even supports credit cards, shared  household accounts and savings accounts! It's pretty fancy. You should use it to save and organise money.

## Try it out!

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/tree/master)

Firefly III can be run on Heroku. Register for a free Heroku account and instantly run Firefly III on your very own cloud instance.

There is also a [demo site](https://firefly-iii.nder.be) with an example financial administration already present. 

## Installation

To install Firefly III, you'll need a web server (preferrably on Linux) and access to the command line. Then, please read the [installation guide](https://firefly-iii.github.io/using-installing.html).

## More about Firefly III

Personal financial management is pretty difficult, and everybody has their own approach to it. Some people make budgets, other people limit their cashflow by throwing away their credit cards, others try to increase their current cashflow. There are tons of ways to save and earn money.

Firefly works on the principle that if you know where you're money is going, you can stop it from going there.

#### Some advantages of using Firefly

- Firefly can import any CSV file, so migrating from other systems is easy.
- Firefly runs on your own server, so you are fully in control of your data. Remember, there is no such thing as "the cloud", it’s just somebody else’s computer!
- Firefly has lots of features without being fancy or bloated.
- If you feel you're missing something you can just ask me and I'll add it!

Firefly is pretty awesome. [You can read more about Firefly III, and its features, on the Github Pages](https://firefly-iii.github.io/).

If you like Firefly and if it helps you save lots of money, why not send me [a dime for every dollar saved](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=44UKUT455HUFA) (this is a joke, although the Paypal form works just fine, try it!)

If you want to contact me, please open an issue or [email me](mailto:thegrumpydictator@gmail.com).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/firefly-iii/firefly-iii.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/firefly-iii/firefly-iii) [![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/?branch=master) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/firefly-iii/firefly-iii?branch=master)

Commit message:

Updated read me and contributing guidelines.

README.md, after:

# Firefly III: A personal finances manager 

[![Requires PHP7](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-7.0-red.svg)](https://secure.php.net/downloads.php) [![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/grumpydictator/firefly-iii/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/grumpydictator/firefly-iii) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=44UKUT455HUFA) 

[![The index of Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/hurdhgyg/400)](https://i.nder.be/h2b37243) [![The account overview of Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/hnkfkdpr/400)](https://i.nder.be/hv70pbwc)

[![The useful financial reports of Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/h7sk6nb7/400)](https://i.nder.be/ccn0u2mp) [![Even more useful reports in Firefly III](https://i.nder.be/g237hr35/400)](https://i.nder.be/gm8hbh7z)

"Firefly III" is a financial manager. It can help you keep track of expenses, income, budgets and everything in between. It even supports credit cards, shared  household accounts and savings accounts! It's pretty fancy. You should use it to save and organise money.

## Try it out!

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/tree/master)

Firefly III can be run on Heroku. Register for a free Heroku account and instantly run Firefly III on your very own cloud instance. There is also a [demo site](https://firefly-iii.nder.be) with an example financial administration already present. 

## Getting started

To install Firefly III, you'll need a web server (preferrably on Linux) and access to the command line. Then, please read the [installation guide](https://firefly-iii.github.io/using-installing.html).

## More about Firefly III

Personal financial management is pretty difficult, and everybody has their own approach to it. Some people make budgets, other people limit their cashflow by throwing away their credit cards, others try to increase their current cashflow. There are tons of ways to save and earn money.

Firefly works on the principle that if you know where you're money is going, you can stop it from going there.

### Some advantages of using Firefly

- Firefly can import any CSV file, so migrating from other systems is easy.
- Firefly runs on your own server, so you are fully in control of your data. Remember, there is no such thing as "the cloud", it’s just somebody else’s computer!
- Firefly has lots of features without being fancy or bloated.
- If you feel you're missing something you can just ask me and I'll add it!

Firefly is pretty awesome. [You can read more about Firefly III, and its features, on the Github Pages](https://firefly-iii.github.io/).

### Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on the code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests.

### Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see [the tags](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/tags) on this repository.

### Authors

* James Cole
* Over time, [many people have contributed to Firefly III](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/graphs/contributors).

### License

This work [is licensed](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/blob/master/LICENSE) under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

### Other stuff

If you like Firefly and if it helps you save lots of money, why not send me [a dime for every dollar saved](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=44UKUT455HUFA) (this is a joke, although the Paypal form works just fine, try it!)

If you want to contact me, please open an issue or [email me](mailto:thegrumpydictator@gmail.com).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/firefly-iii/firefly-iii.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/firefly-iii/firefly-iii) [![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/?branch=master) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/firefly-iii/firefly-iii/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/firefly-iii/firefly-iii?branch=master)
